📝 Rework multi-app docs (#2349)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/guides/drupal9/simplesaml.md

Your SimpleSAMLphp configuration will need to be outside of the `vendor` directory.  The `composer require` will download a template configuration file to `vendor/simplesamlphp/simplesamlphp/config`.

> Rather than modifying that file in place (as it isn't be included in Git),

Reviewer: :clipboard:
```suggestion
Rather than modifying that file in place (as it isn't included in Git),
```

Reviewer: :nail_care: 
Or maybe even:
```suggestion
Rather than modifying that file directly (as it isn't included in Git),
```
